I have a strong
philosophical objection
to memorizing I
in the spirited I'm stop who
is rumored to have said maybe he
actually did said
never memorize I'll
with you can look up
saving the brain for things
I'll
for which memorization is
useless like
coming up with a new idea about
how the universe works
so classes in school that were
heavy and memorization
if you agree memorizing things
you memorizing you do really
well on that exam and a year
later he would have forgotten
everything
that's what was the point the
classes that
on ideas and mouse and whizzed
inside understanding that is
what we preserve
thread
had people not memorized the
nine planets in order from the
Sun
with memory aids like the
demonic my very educated mother
just sir does nine pieces
had people not been forced to
memorize that
the idea that you're losing a
planner will be okay
phone I'm cool with that me bro
plovers sudden this hard earned
the moniker now has to be
adjusted in modified
otherwise you will have
existential angst
so I i have I have never valued
your the memorization things as
an educator
that understanding what it is
you memorizing even if you fail
to memorized
is by far a greater intellectual
achievement and having memorize
something
and not knowing it